So last night was my drawing final. I know I wasn't prepare
1. I didn't finish project 5.
2. I didn't finish the text book.
3. I didn't practices enough of drawing for the drawing.

But I do know I am ready.
Your mom told me if you good with HB6 then you can use any of the charcoal pencil, so I use that. It also happen to be the first pencil I pick up but I was bad with it.
Secondly, I look at the setting and I really think. 
I already have enough of points to pass the class. This is the moment for my self.
So, I will use all the latest and most updated skill to take this exam.

I re-imagine the setting of the drawing.
I intentionally changed the drawing here and there.
But also, try to remember something that your teacher told you that meant something to you.
In this case, I have to cover up and just draw the water kettle on the paper.
And the second piece, I knew I can reimagine is the horn. And that's something I got inspiration that if you can feel the creator and the contact point between the user (human) and the product. then you can draw it out on the paper.

When I show my work to your mom, she was like. you should have spotted the values are mess up. there should be lighter here and there and not all dark.
And you should not do these sort of example on the final exam.


Firstly, I agree with your mom completely. 
But, I also know that was the last moment of the first thing I can do with drawing.
Would you want to be contended with what you can reproduce and be that good being? or you want to challenge yourself to a new territory?
If I didn't take those risks, I wouldn't be learning two valuable lesson from your mom.

But I think I win. I tried three things, and learn two things. and fail one thing.
Overall score 5:1...

When people give you opportunity be big, you would have to consider the risks.
For example a presentation that you do, a team project. You can be as wild as you can, but make sure your teammate can back you up.

I still regretted the final project I took for CS. my teammate he trusted in me, and I didn't even bother to look at the requirement and started to code.
And later on, I found out he changed his major. I bet is most likely because of the bad grades that we got for the final project.
