if you walk around grandpas garden， you realize all the tall trees are from our neighbor.
with the exception of a medium tall tree in the drive way.
within the garden， there is so much vegetation and fruits.
from a technical stand point， the farming experiences is probably the longest in time.
and production in consumable is at large too.
but your grandpa did not share the fruitation with the neighbor.
he doesn't have to nor does he needs to. but there is at least two neighbors live above us. preservation of big tree seems significant.
but carl mention the trees that are old produces less oxygen. so by planning more vegetiation and fruit trees better or worst for the environment？
but i do know tall trees produce shade. shade provide dynamic lighting under it. a

grandpas yard also got the long and lengthy open space look from the entances. but if open the fence， only benefifical for one neighbor to look at. because they have that angle.


now consider four neighbor. the one below us. the neighbor doesn't change much，but they invested money in supporting holiday spirit.
the one right across us. the only view we get is cars. and few tall tress that can't retain its height from the fences. but they do decorate outside during christmas or holloween.
now diagnolly below us， that neighbor flips a lot faster，but the car looks facier and fancier. but again，almost never spoke with that neighbor.
and then the neighbor above our side parking tent， they planted few scrabs and remodeled. i guess they want to increase privacy and beautify their backyard，because grandpa keep chopping tree and have strong attachment to concrete floor instead of grass. i always think he can do a hybird approach. a line of grass， some mulch or rock and then concrete. any mix of that combo still better than plain concrete.

now you know how i observe our neighbor， do yoy own now.

---
Now，what I think for tall tree in the neighbor is to see where the sun casts. if some plants require half dy sun and the big tree blocks the neighboring plants. makes no good.
Suppose your neighbor planted certain kind of flower in the front yard， across the street you might want to plant other types of flower to complement theirs. entering highway is a great analogy for that because you have to collaborate with other drivers.
